Standardised SSL settings (#42)
logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-http_client: CHANGELOG.md

## 7.3.0

>   - Standardized SSL settings: [#42](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-http_client/pull/42)  
>     - Deprecated `cacert` in favor of `ssl_certificate_authorities`
>     - Deprecated`client_cert` in favor of `ssl_certificate`
>     - Deprecated `client_key` in favor of `ssl_key`
>     - Deprecated `keystore` in favor of `ssl_keystore_path`
>     - Deprecated `keystore_password` in favor of `ssl_keystore_password`
>     - Deprecated `keystore_type` in favor of `ssl_keystore_type`
>     - Deprecated `truststore` in favor of `ssl_truststore_path`
>     - Deprecated `truststore_password` in favor of `ssl_truststore_password`
>     - Deprecated `truststore_type` in favor of `ssl_truststore_type`

Reviewer: Instead of focusing on what we are deprecating, it may be better to focus on what we are _adding_:

```suggestion
  - Adds standardized SSL settings and deprecates their non-standard counterparts. Deprecated settings will continue to work, and will provide pipeline maintainers with guidance toward using their standardized counterparts [#42](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-http_client/pull/42)
    - Adds new `ssl_truststore_path`, `ssl_truststore_password`, and `ssl_truststore_type` settings for configuring SSL-trust using a PKCS-12 or JKS trust store, deprecating their `truststore`, `truststore_password`, and `truststore_type` counterparts.
    - Adds new `ssl_certificate_authorities` setting for configuring SSL-trust using a PEM-formated list certificate authorities, deprecating its `cacert` counterpart.
   - Adds new `ssl_keystore_path`, `ssl_keystore_password`, and `ssl_keystore_type` settings for configuring SSL-identity using a PKCS-12 or JKS key store, deprecating their `keystore`, `keystore_password`, and `keystore_type` counterparts.
    - Adds new `ssl_certificate` and `ssl_key` settings for configuring SSL-identity using a PEM-formatted certificate/key pair, deprecating their `client_cert` and `client_key` counterparts. 
```

>   - Added a module configuration to disable the deprecated SSL configs `:with_deprecated`

Reviewer: This one is developer-facing, so the wording needs to be different enough that pipeline maintainers won't worry about it unnecessarily.

```suggestion
  - Added a way for plugin maintainers to include this mixin _without_ supporting the now-deprecated SSL options.
```
